Fix Alert API docs (#2027)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/alert.md

- Two buttons mean 'negative', 'positive' (such as 'Cancel', 'OK')
- Three buttons mean 'neutral', 'negative', 'positive' (such as 'Later', 'Cancel', 'OK')

> Alerts on Android can be dismissed by tapping outside of the alert box. It is disabled by default and can be enabled by providing an optional `options` parameter with the cancelable property set to true i.e. `{ cancelable: true }`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, alerts on Android cannot be dismissed by tapping outside of the alert box. To enable this, provide an `options` parameter with the cancelable property set to true, i.e. `{ cancelable: true }`.
```

> The dismissed event can be handled by providing an `onDismiss` callback property `{ onDismiss: () => {} }` inside the `options` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cancel event can be handled by providing an `onDismiss` callback property `{ onDismiss: () => {} }` inside the `options` parameter.
```

Example usage:

```jsx

> // Works only on Android

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Alert.alert('Alert Title', 'My Alert Msg', [
  {
    text: 'Ask me later',
    onPress: () => console.log('Ask me later pressed')
  },
  {
    text: 'Cancel',
    onPress: () => console.log('Cancel Pressed'),
    style: 'cancel'
  },
  { text: 'OK', onPress: () => console.log('OK Pressed') },
  {

>     cancelable: true,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // cancelable and onDismiss only work on Android.
    cancelable: true,
```
